TT-7903 DX-661 document otel tracing concepts (#3212)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/product-stack/tyk-gateway/advanced-configurations/distributed-tracing/distributed-tracing-overview.md

Distributed tracing is a method of tracking application requests as they flow from frontend devices to backend services and databases. It is used to monitor and troubleshoot requests end-to-end.

> Tyk currently supports OpenTelemetry and OpenTracing for distributed tracing. Support for OpenTelemetry is available since Tyk 5.2+. If this is a valuable feature for you, please leave a comment on this [community forum post](https://community.tyk.io/t/faq-opentelemetry-distributed-tracing/5682).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyk currently supports OpenTelemetry and OpenTracing for distributed tracing. Support for OpenTelemetry is available since Tyk 5.2+. If you have any comments and suggestions for this feature, please leave a comment on this [community forum post](https://community.tyk.io/t/faq-opentelemetry-distributed-tracing/5682).
```
